c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\FitXelf.dll
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\FitXelf.pdb
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\FitXelf.xap
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\FitXelfLib.dll
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\FitXelfLib.pdb
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\FitXelf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\FitXelf.g.resources
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\FitXelf.dll
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\FitXelf.pdb
c:\users\ravi sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\Extras.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\Settings.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\Webrowser.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\Exercise.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\Trainer.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\Profile1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\Workout.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\Content\Audio.xnb
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\Bin\Debug\Content\Audio.wma
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\Questions.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\ListofProfiles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Ravi Sinha\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\FitXelf\FitXelf\FitXelf\obj\Debug\Questions2.g.i.cs
